--- Version 0.4.0
Changed behavior of parameter uniform_brightness and calculation of uniform brightness
to be more compatible to "classic" VDR Atmolight plugin.
VDR plugin: Do send black color output only once when suspended.

--- Version 0.3.5
Send color output data at least every 500ms to trigger atmo controller idle watchdog
Added support for xbmc v13

--- Version 0.3.4
Added support for vdr 2.x

--- Version 0.3.3
Fixed script error when stopping service while video is running in XBMC addon

--- Version 0.3.2
Added support for XBMC V13 git revision past Feb. 10 2013
Note: Within XBMC V12.0 Frodo stable the DFAtmo support is brocken!!!
Added untested Makefile 'vdr2plug.mk' to build plugin for recent vdr versions
Added SVDRP command to vdr plugin to enable/disable plugin

--- Version 0.3.1
Added new parameter "weight_limit"
Fixed dynamic linking issue for recent gcc/linux versions
Support for config version 3 of DF10CH

--- Version 0.3.0
Optimize performance of image analysis algorithm:
    1. By introducing a new weight table so that only calculation for pixel
       with relevant weight (currently > 5%) is done.
    2. Do not calculate windowed histograms if windowing size is 0.
Fixed calculation of weight table for border sections.
Fixed analysis error for saturation window size 0.
Serial output driver:
    Extend maximum output package length to 1023 bytes to support SEDU B0 mode. 
    Enhanced protocol descriptor syntax:
      For constant values a repeat count or fill up count could be
      specified to define a arbitrary number of bytes with the same
      constant value.
      A couple of RGB groups within the same area with monotone
      increasing or decreasing sections could be defined with the
      new shortcut operators '+n' and '-n'.
README:
    Added performance hints.
    Added enhanced protocol descriptor syntax.
    Added SEDU protocol example.

--- Version 0.2.1
VDR plugin: Added suspend mode handling
VDR plugin: Fixed incorrect change of setup parameters when changeing temporary parameters

--- Version 0.2

Added support for VDR with new DFAtmo VDR plugin.
Added parameter for configuration of output rate.
Ensure first packet send to controller turn lights off.
Correction to mean filter to prevent flickering.
Added some more description for the filter parameters.
Increase maximum size of a data package in serial output driver to 512 bytes.
Increase maximum size of driver parameter to 2048 bytes.
Added more speed values to linux version of serial output driver.
Added ampersand as a additional driver parameter option separator to satisfy xinelib plugin parameter parsing.
Added support for amblone and karatelight controller.
Open Addon settings dialog if no settings file exists.

--- Version 0.1

First version of DFAtmo.

